Let's talk about the tools and environment that you will use in the course.
You should already be familiar with SQL,
Python, and it may be helpful to understand ETL.
Some of the tools you will learn to use in this course include: Bash,
Kafka, Redis, Spark, and Draw.io.
Some examples of tools that are used elsewhere in streaming include JMS,
RabbitMQ, Hadoop, SQS, and Firebase.
I'd like to introduce you to the workspace that we'll be using in this course.
The workspace has several tools installed already for you,
including Spark and Kafka,
as well as Redis.
In the workspace we start Spark manually.
This is not required in a typical Spark environment.
In addition, we use the Start Kafka button to startup Kafka.
In a production or test environment,
both Spark and Kafka will typically be set up already and will be constantly running.